---
title: Introduction
description: Introduction to Corlink.
---

# Introduction

This documentation is all about the Corlink API. This API is used to generate, verify, and delete licenses for your software. It is also used to create, delete, and update users. This documentation will cover all the endpoints and how to use them.

- For the full setup of Corlink see [here](/setup/selfhosting/).
- For the full setup of the Corlink Discord bot see [here](/setup/bot/).

## Admin Only Endpoints

Some endpoints are only available to users with an admin API key. These endpoints are used to create, delete, and update users. They are also used to get information about users. These endpoints are in the `admin` folder in the documentation.

## Content Types

The Corlink API only accepts `application/json` as a content type. This means that all requests must have a `Content-Type` header with the value of `application/json`.

## Authentication 

- The Corlink API uses API keys to verify and authenticate requests. If your aren't [self-hosting](/setup/selfhosting), you can view/reset your key using the Discord Bot In [Ruby Network](https://dsc.gg/rubynetwork).
- The header used for the API key is `Authorization`. The value of the header should be prefixed with `Bearer ` and then the API key. For example:
```javascript
fetch('https://api.corlink.xyz/apiroute', {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    'authorization': 'Bearer YOUR_API_KEY'
    //other headers
    },
})
```

## Errors

The API uses standard HTTP status codes to indicate the success or failure of a request. In general, codes in the 2xx range indicate success, codes in the 4xx range indicate an error that failed given the information provided (e.g., a required parameter was omitted, a charge failed, etc.), and codes in the 5xx range indicate an error with Corlink's servers.

## Rate Limits

Currently rate limits are not implemented. This means that you can make as many requests as you want. However, this may change in the future.
